warning this is not the real shower or a
replicate it is what i thought the shia
should look like my technique my designs
thank you hello youtubers and I've
decided I want to make what I think I
Shia could look like so i have i'm
showing you what it was see all the
trees and all a lot i had to chop it
down I had a chop them down most of them
but some of the ones they also said
fight you because I noticed that it was
quicker and i'll just show you a quick
clip there go a quick clip now this is
what I was like when I played at all so
yeah what is going on guys I finally
finished my Shia it's not very big as
you can see it's only a few houses but
it's a thought and I freaking love that
will mail it was my favorite windmill in
the whole and Hale world took me ages to
build it guys so when if you could show
some appreciation and their thumbs up
comment and subscribe please so yeah it
took me about an hour to think above the
design and about three hours to make I
got some ideas from the images I didn't
know how to make the spinning things
Dragic see guys none of these houses off
and furnished I only make this for a
presentational look like like as you can
see if you can see them houses floating
there is no way to get up and there's
nothing inside I just thought they'd
look cool and that one is different to
the other tools because I just wanted a
unique
and then I'll show you the first house
so I have come up with a name so I just
thought of a 10 pound lane it's pretty
simple but am I didn't see non-spanish
but there is a little chilly if no it's
not a real chimney but still and then
this is hobbit hole in to got the little
chimney again nothing in there but i
decided to be kind and give them a bed
you know just because i'm nice like that
so I think said I shouldn't say now and
that's the one that I thought I mucked
up on because all the other ones you can
just easily attached to the wall but
that one I didn't but I just started
making the pillars and this is all seen
the only floating house that you can get
up to I should check and see what's in
that chest but there was nothing of you
because I must have just dumped all my
drunken and I didn't say guys I've only
built with too high that's because we're
hobbits are small so they should have
small houses and and I was gonna make
the signals inside the Hobbit holes but
I forgot that's the Gandalf tower i'll
be showing you like in their leader and
now this is i think i would think is hi
there bill for bargains house or for
those house and again it's all furbished
but i could furnish it if you want us to
like if you put it leave a comment
saying the borders there furnish it or
not now go right we're going to go to
the gun Gandalf tower are called but
there it's just like it I think it just
looks like a mage's tower and I got this
off of youtube but i can't remember it's
in his name but thank you whoever
there's a light nice little view of the
houses sorry about the sky at work
benches it's just because i'm lazy so i
can't be bothered to walk to other work
benches so I just rather make a new one
and
spiral staircases were pretty hard to
make like if you didn't know the idea
but that I got that a few tubes well
there's a lot of you guys so and thanks
for watching